
    Hongbao – Level 3 Hard Working Ranger (Beastmaster)
        As the war against the Mirascilari ground to a halt, concern spread throughout Nanguo. Could the land sustain so many people? Farmers struggled to support their families on barely 5 mǔ of land, and the powerful families contrived to buy away what little they had for their grand plantations. Many resisted losing their homes, but farmers are honest folk, and they must work while the wealthy scheme and plot.
        One such farmer was Hongbao, altho he is a farmer no longer. A poor unmarried man, he had to his name a hut of sun dried bricks and bamboo which he built himself, a 4 mǔ farm on which he grew wheat, vegetables and grass, and an ox named Lei which he treasured as others would treasure their only daughter.
        Many efforts were made to drive him from his home, but he persisted stubbornly, even as the other farmers in his village sold their land. One night, while he was drunk, a strange man invited him to join a game of Mahjong. Hongbao was a trusting man, so he accepted the offer and sat down. Each of the other players wagered an ox and Hongbao did the same, offering up his Lei. As he was drunk and not a skilled player to begin with, he lost quickly, and fled to his farm with tears in his eyes.
        Lei was at this time heavy with calf, and Hongbao could not bring himself to give her up. Collecting for himself rice, flour, a pot, ladle, bucket, sickle, blanket and a lantern, he removed Lei’s cowbell and stole with her into the night.
        As this was actually the strange man’s goal, he did not pursue Hongbao, and instead returned to his noble master to tell him that Hongbao’s farm could now be taken. Hongbao, however, feared he would be judged a cheat and a robber, and so fled to the ruins of the village of Gudian, where his great-grandfather had lived before the Mirascilari burned it down.
        Lei gave birth some days later, and soon thereafter fell ill and died, for Hongbao had no medicine with which to heal her. He named the daughter Chun, because this all happened in the spring, and began wandering with her at his side, finding ocassional work as a woodsman, hunter or farmer, always careful not to stay in one place too long lest his crime be found out.
